[ZT] WARP Docker Linux limitation (#21179)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/troubleshooting/known-limitations.mdx

## Docker on Linux with bridged networking

[Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/container-runtime/) on Linux does not perform the underlying network tunnel MTU changes required by WARP. This can cause connectivity issues inside of a Docker container when WARP is enabled on the host machine. For example, `curl -v https://cloudflare.com > /dev/null` will fail if run from a Docker container that is using the default bridge network driver.

> To fix this issue, users of WARP with Docker on Linux can manually reconfigure the MTU on Docker's network interface. You can either modify `/etc/docker/daemon.json` to include:

Author: ```suggestion
To avoid this issue, users of WARP with Docker on Linux can manually reconfigure the MTU on Docker's network interface. You can either modify `/etc/docker/daemon.json` to include:
```

> To avoid this issue, users of WARP with Docker on Linux can manually reconfigure the MTU on Docker's network interface. You can either modify `/etc/docker/daemon.json` to include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work around this issue, users of WARP with Docker on Linux can manually reconfigure the MTU on Docker's network interface. You can either modify `/etc/docker/daemon.json` to include:
```
